**Date** 2020.12.20 | **Time** 9.00 - 10.45 PM | **Location** Online

Third meeting call to discuss next steps and deep investigations.

## Attendees

- Dhanushka Chandana
- Chamod Sandaru
- Sachintha Keddagodage
- Sudaraka Senavirathna
- Chanakya Bandara
- Buhushika Kumarage
- Harindu Lakshan
- Heshani Nimalka
- Nimna Perera
- Sewvandi Wickramasinghe
- Sachith Siriwardena
- Senali Madawala
- Pulasthi Illankoon
- Shakthi Lahiru
- Vihari Punchihewa

### Actions Items from last meeting

- Deep Investigation on respective category :heavy_check_mark:
- Start creating abstract level structure for a module. :heavy_check_mark:
- All contents should create with the same theme. :heavy_check_mark:
- Create a timeline for the upcoming works. :construction:
- Git Repo for pushing the documents visibly. :heavy_check_mark:

### Action Items

- Mails need to be checked by the volunteers. 
- When sending a PR better to keep track of the review updates. :memo:
- Create a timeline for the upcoming works.
- Select suitable technology stack for the platform.
- Start with deep investigation.


###  Meeting Details

We discussed about investigation updates, deep investigation blockings.

Shakthi suggested to add frequently asked questions final content item.

Chanakya asked about a new suggestion, and needed to found a new approach to the product.

Dhanushka explained about the current products current status and the summary of all tasks which were discussed in previous sessions. So finally came to the conclusion that add an objective part, before adding the introduction video. 

Dhanushka described why we need to approach the companies instead of the general public. If we can approach commercial approaches, it can be easy to handle the products and resources we have.

We discussed about which platforms we can use to build this project.

We finalized blueprint for the course content. Document can be found [here](https://github.com/fosslk/OSS-Training-Project/blob/main/Platform%20Docs/Course-Structure.md).

Dhanushka explained about the good to have features of the platform.


### Good to have features

- User account creation
- User dashboard
- Video player with playlist of course content. (Like Udemy, Coursera)
- Course management

### Things to consider when choosing a platform

- Contains features matches with our requirements
- System requirements
- Free/Paid
