**Date** 2021.01.09 | **Time** 9.00 - 10.05 PM | **Location** Online

Forth meeting call to discuss next steps and deep investigations.

## Attendees

- Dhanushka Chandana
- Sakuntha Bimsara
- Ganidu Abeysekara
- Buhushika Kumarage
- Brian Fernando
- Chethana Dhavaji
- Nimna Perera
- Harindu Lakshan
- Lakindu Thilanga
- Malindu Attygala
- Nimna Perera
- Sudaraka Senavirathna

### Actions Items from last meeting

- Select a suitable platform :construction:
- Fix the issues on rest investigation PRs. :construction:
- Add a FAQ section. :heavy_check_mark:
- Create a timeline for the upcoming works. :construction:
- Create a kanban project board. :heavy_check_mark:

### Action Items

- Project repository needs to be checked by the volunteers. 
- When sending a PR better to keep track of the review updates. :memo:
- Create a video demonstration for the selected platforms.
- File sharing module deep investigation needs to be completed.
- Continue the deep investigations.


###  Meeting Details

We discussed deep investigation updates and Dhanushka gave further instructions.

The team finalized to add a FAQ section instead of adding reference section.

Dhanushka described the kanban board, issues section on the project repository.

Harindu demonstrated customized Moodle and Odoo platforms.

Danushaed asked to provide video demonstrations of Odoo platform form Harindu and Open Edx
from Sudaraka and Nimna.

Ganidu was asked to check the deep investigation of the file-sharing module.

Club captains explained the current status of the investigations and upcoming events.

Dhanushka described why we need to approach the companies instead of the general public. If we can approach commercial approaches, it can be easy to handle the products and resources we have.

Dhanushka explained about the good to have features of the platform(permission control).
