**Date** 2021.08.08 | **Time** 9.00 - 09.45 PM | **Location** Online

Sixth meeting call to discuss next steps and current progress.

## Attendees

- Dhanushka Chandana
- Kasun Vithanage
- Buhushika Kumarage
- Budhhika Dananjaya
- Brian Fernando
- Chethana Dhavaji
- Dinusha Weerakona
- Nimna Perera
- Harindu Lakshan
- Nimna Perera
- Sachith Siriwardena
- Sewvandi Wickramasinghe
- Senali Madawala
- Sudaraka Senavirathna

### Actions Items from last meeting

- Continue the OSS-Training-Project meetings. :heavy_check_mark:
- When sending a PR better to keep track of the review updates. :heavy_check_mark:
- Create a video demonstration for the selected platforms. :construction:
- Continue the rest of the deep investigations. :heavy_check_mark:
- Find the contributors for the application development. :construction:

### Action Items

- Start the initial stage of the application development (Laravel, React).
- Complete the rest of the deep investigations.
- Planned to create video tutorials for the selected software.

###  Meeting Details

Dhanushka explained the current stage of the OSS-Training-Project.

Dhanushka explained OSS-Training-Project to new RUSL club captain Dinusha Weerakona.

Discussed the team's availability to continue the future task of the project and exam scheules.

Decided to use OBS for creating video tutorials for the selected software.

Discussed the blockers and future tasks to continue the next stage of the project.

Club captains explained the current status of the investigations and upcoming events.