**Date** 2021.08.22 | **Time** 9.00 - 10.10 PM | **Location** Online

Sixth meeting call to discuss next steps and current progress.

## Attendees

- Dhanushka Chandana
- Kasun Vithanage
- Buhushika Kumarage
- Brian Fernando
- Dinusha Weerakona
- Nimna Perera
- Nikeshala Madubashini
- Harindu Lakshan
- Hashini Senanayake
- Sachith Siriwardena
- Sudaraka Senavirathna

### Actions Items from last meeting

- Continue the OSS-Training-Project meetings. :heavy_check_mark:
- Complete the rest of the deep investigations. :heavy_check_mark:
- Create a video demonstration for the selected platforms. :construction:
- Start the initial stage of the application development. :construction:
- Find the contributors for the application development. :construction:
- Planned to create video tutorials for the selected software. :construction:


### Action Items

- Necessary action needs to be taken against inactive Mozilla campus clubs.
- Continue the designing of the template of the platform.
- Continue the initial stage of the application development.
- Need to discuss on Kanban and Scrum strategies for the application development.
- Finalize the deep investigation.

###  Meeting Details

Discussed taking necessary action against inactive Mozilla campus clubs.

Buhushika shared the completed intro video of course via Gdrive.

The name of the platform has been changed to Foss Academy.

Discussed the design of the platform template (UI). 

Dhanushka explained the current stage of the OSS-Training-Project.

Dhanushka and Kasun explained the initial architecture of the application.

The team discussed and changed the initially decided tech-stack.

NextJS will be used for frontend development.

NodeJS will be used for backend development and MongoDB for the database.

Auth0 will be used to handle the authentication throughout the application.

Dhanushka explained the basic development of the UI of the application and decided to have a UIUX designer for interface designing.

Dhanushka and Kasun will be set up the basic development environment and provide the team.

Decided to use OBS for creating video tutorials for the selected software.

Discussed the blockers and future tasks to continue the next stage of the project.

Club captains explained the current status of their Mozilla campus clubs.