**Date** 2021.06.24 | **Time** 9.00 - 09.45 PM | **Location** Online

Fifth meeting call to discuss next steps and current progress.

## Attendees

- Dhanushka Chandana
- Kasun Vithanage
- Ruwan Ranganath
- Sakuntha Bimsara
- Buhushika Kumarage
- Budhhika Dananjaya
- Brian Fernando
- Chethana Dhavaji
- Nimna Perera
- Harindu Lakshan
- Nimna Perera
- Naresh Shanmugaraj
- Sachith Siriwardena
- Sewvandi Wickramasinghe
- Senali Madawala
- Sudaraka Senavirathna

### Actions Items from last meeting

- Project repository needs to be checked by the volunteers. :heavy_check_mark:
- When sending a PR better to keep track of the review updates. :heavy_check_mark:
- Create a video demonstration for the selected platforms. :construction:
- File sharing module deep investigation needs to be completed. :construction:
- Continue the deep investigations. :construction:

### Action Items

- Start the initial stage of the application development (Laravel, React).
- Find the contributors for the application development.
- Create video tutorials for the selected software.
- Continue the OSS-Training-Project meetings each Saturday.
- Continue the rest of the deep investigations.


###  Meeting Details

Dhanushka explained the current stage of the OSS-Training-Project.

Discussed the team's availability to continue the future task of the project.

Decided to use OBS for creating video tutorials for the selected software.

Discussed the blockers and future tasks to continue the next stage of the project.

Discussed starting the platform application development using Laravel and React (separate project).

Club captains explained the current status of the investigations and upcoming events.